.TH "data_input_objects.FixedAsset" 3 "Thu May 21 2020" "ETESim Plotting GUI" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
data_input_objects.FixedAsset
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fB__init__\fP (self, str simulation, str name, str category, int unique_id, int run_number, *Vector ecef=None, Vector lla=None, Vector enu=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBset_ecef\fP (self, float x, float y, float z)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBset_lla\fP (self, float lat, float lon, float alt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBset_enu\fP (self, float east, float north, float up)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBgen_ecef\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBgen_enu\fP (self, float refLat, float refLon, float refAlt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBgen_lla\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fB__eq__\fP (self, asset)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "pd\&.DataFrame \fBdf\fP (self, int index=0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrunnum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBz\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBalt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBup\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.__init__ ( self, str simulation, str name, str category, int unique_id, int run_number, *Vector  ecef = \fCNone\fP, Vector  lla = \fCNone\fP, Vector  enu = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
A class for handling fixed assets. Stores metadata and locations
in several possible coordinate systems.

Parameters
----------
simulation : str
    The simulation which generated the asset.
name : str
    The name of the asset.
category : str
    The category (e.g., radar) of the asset.
unique_id : int
    An ID often specified by the simulation.
run_number : int
    The run number, often specified by the simulation.
ecef : Vector, optional
    ECEF asset coordinates (in meters) as 3-tuple. The default is None.
lla : Vector, optional
    Latitude (deg), Longitude (deg), and Altitude (m)
    asset coordinates as 3-tuple. The default is None.
enu : Vector, optional
     ENU asset coordinates (in meters) as 3-tuple. The default is None.

Raises
------
ValueError
    If no coordinate system is specified, the instance is invalid.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS " bool data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.__eq__ ( self,  asset)"

.PP
.nf
Overloads the "=" operator to determine instance equality.
Instances are considered equal if all these criteria are met:
    (1) They are generated by the same simulation
    (2) They have the same name
    (3) They have the same type (category)
    (4) Each member variable describing coordinate data matches

Parameters
----------
asset : FixedAsset
    An instance of the FixedAsset class

Returns
-------
bool
    True if assets are equal, False otherwise
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.gen_ecef ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Generates ECEF XYZ coordinates for the class instance given
Latitude (deg), Longitude (deg), and Altitude (m) coordinates
coordinates for the instance given the following conditions:
    (1) ECEF coordinates do not already exist
    (2) Lat/Lon/Alt coordinates exist

Raises
------
ValueError
    If Lat/Lon/Alt values do not exist and ECEF values do not
    exist, there is no valid way to generate the coordinates.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.gen_enu ( self, float refLat, float refLon, float refAlt)"

.PP
.nf
Generates ENU coordinates for the asset given the
latitude (deg), longitude (deg), and altitude (m) coordinates
for the origin.

Parameters
----------
refLat : float
    The reference latitude in degrees.
refLon : float
    The reference longitude in degrees.
refAlt : float
    The reference altitude in meters.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.gen_lla ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Generates Latitude (deg), Longitude (deg), and Altitude (m)
coordinates for the instance given the following conditions:
    (1) Lat/Lon/Alt coordinates do not already exist
    (2) ECEF Coordinates exist

An error is raised if neither condition (1) or (2) are valid.

Raises
------
ValueError
    If Lat/Lon/Alt values do not exist and ECEF values do not
    exist, there is no valid way to generate the coordinates.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.set_ecef ( self, float x, float y, float z)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the ECEF location of the asset.

Parameters
----------
x : float
    The x location in meters
y : float
    The y location in meters
z : float
    The z location in meters

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.set_enu ( self, float east, float north, float up)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the ENU location of the asset.

Parameters
----------
east : float
    The east location in meters
north : float
    The north location in meters
up : float
    The up location in meters

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None data_input_objects\&.FixedAsset\&.set_lla ( self, float lat, float lon, float alt)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the latitude, longitude, and altitude of the asset.

Parameters
----------
lat : float
    The latitude location in degrees
lon : float
    The longitude location in degrees
alt : float
    The altitude location in meters

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ETESim Plotting GUI from the source code\&.
