.TH "etesim_pp_gui.SimpleGUI" 3 "Fri Apr 24 2020" "ETESim Plotting GUI" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
etesim_pp_gui.SimpleGUI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Tk\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, *args, **kwargs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBbuild_tabs\fP (self, ttk\&.Notebook parent)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBmodifyLimitsEntry\fP (self, tk\&.Event event, str entry=None)"
.br
.RI "Callback functions\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBeditTitleOptions\fP (self, str style='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBpickTitleColor\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBpickPlotColor\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetLegendOptions\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetDimensions\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetRunOptions\fP (self, event=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetVals\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBgetTopDir\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBloadFromTopDir\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "str \fBloadMissileFiles\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBgetOutDir\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetStatusBarOptions\fP (self, event=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBsetPlotStyleOptions\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBshowHidePlotColors\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBshowHideXLimits\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBshowHideYLimits\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBshowHideZLimits\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "str \fBdefault_path\fP (self)"
.br
.RI "Utility functions\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBwaitToPlot\fP (self, event=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBautosizer\fP (self, event=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBhex2rgb\fP (self, str hexstring)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "pd\&.DataFrame \fBplotDF\fP (self)"
.br
.RI "Plotting functions\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBstartPlot\fP (self, event=None, item=None, mode=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "None \fBfinishPlot\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBgetLimits\fP (self, ax)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotCols\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdimensions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBz\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmissileDF\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtoolbar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfigure\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcanvas\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleColorRGB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleColorHex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotColorRGB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotColorHex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBavailableRuns\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtabs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatusBar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatusLbl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxkcdMode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxkcdModeCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinputTab\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdatainput_icon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtopDirLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtopDir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtopDirPath\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtopDirBrowseButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtopDirLoadButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreatTypeOptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreatTypeLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreatType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreatTypeCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBviewer_icon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBviewerTab\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgraphPanes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeditPane\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBviewPane\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxCol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByCol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzCol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxyzMinMaxFrame\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxLimitsRow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxLimits\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxLimitsBox\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxMin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxMinEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxMax\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxMaxEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByLimitsRow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByLimits\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByLimitsBox\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByMin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByMinEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByMax\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByMaxEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzLimitsRow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzLimits\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzLimitsBox\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzMin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzMinEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzMax\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBzMaxEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleLF\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBitTitleOn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBboldTitleButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBitTitleButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleColorEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleColorWheel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtitleColorButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstyleLF\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotStyle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlineOn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscatterOn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlineStyleOptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlineStyle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlineStyleCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscatterStyleOptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscatterStyle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscatterStyleCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowLegend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlegendLoc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlegendCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlegendLocations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlegendLocCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBautoColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBautoColorCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotColorEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotColorWheel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplotColorButton\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddOptsLF\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgridLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgridMajor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgridMinor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgridMajorCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgridMinorCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowAxLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowAxFrame\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowXLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowYLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowZLabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowXLabelCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowYLabelCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowZLabelCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrunChoiceLF\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshowAllRuns\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBallRunsRB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsomeRunsRB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrun\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrunChoice\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtransparentRuns\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtransRunsCB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBboldTitleOn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutDir\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A subclass of tk.Tk which will serve as the main driver for the GUI.
This GUI is intended to plot various input data from simulations,
currently (almost) working with ETESim.

Parameters
----------
*args : standard argument list for a tk.Tk instance

**kwargs : keyword argument list for tk.Tk instance

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.__init__ ( self, * args, ** kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
The constructor function for the GUI

Parameters
----------
*args : standard argument list for a tk.Tk instance

**kwargs : keyword argument list for tk.Tk instance

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.autosizer ( self,  event = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Adjusts the tkinter Notebook (tabbed) section size automatically.

Parameters
----------
event : tkinter.Event, optional
    A parameter to catch any trace passes. The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.build_tabs ( self, ttk\&.Notebook parent)"

.PP
.nf
An obscenely large and not very well-organized layout
for the tabs inside a tkinter Notebook. Is essentially a giant main().

Parameters
----------
parent : ttk.Notebook
    A tkinter object that can have tabs applied to it.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " str etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.default_path ( self)"

.PP
Utility functions\&. 
.PP
.nf
Gives an OS-specific default path to display in filedialog
windows

Returns
-------
str
    'C:' for Windows, '/' for Unix, '//' for Linux
    Not currently defined for other operating systems
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.editTitleOptions ( self, str  style = \fC''\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Updates UI on whether user has pressed/unpressed the Bold Or Iatlic
button and then has the plot title reflect that change.

Parameters
----------
style : str, optional
    A modifier parameter to indicate whether the bold or italic
    button has been pressed. The default is '' (for neither).

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.finishPlot ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Generates a new plot on the figure set up in startPlot.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " tuple etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.getLimits ( self,  ax)"

.PP
.nf
Returns the limits to be used in a plot based upon the default
limits given by pyplot and the limits (potentially) specified
by the user in the GUI

Parameters
----------
ax : matplotlib.axes._subplots.AxesSubplot
    A handle to the subplot which will have new limits
    This cannot be type hinted because the type is created
    on the fly

Returns
-------
tuple
    A six-element tuple of the minimum and maximum values for
    x, y, and z, respectively
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.getOutDir ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Opens a file browswer for the output files.
Once selected, the chosen file path will show in the text field.
(The path can be typed in also.)
** Only a directory (not a file) can be selected

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.getTopDir ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Opens a file browswer for the run files. Once selected,
the chosen file path will show in the text field.
The path can be typed in also.
** Only a directory can be selected

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " tuple etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.hex2rgb ( self, str hexstring)"

.PP
.nf
A method to convert 6-digit hexadecimal values to a triplet
of values in the range (0-255)

Parameters
----------
hexstring : str
    A hex color string in the form #XXXXXX, where each X is
    a hexadecimal number

Returns
-------
tuple
    A triplet of the form (A, B, C) where A, B, and C are integers
    between 0 and 255 (inclusive)
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.loadFromTopDir ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Loads missile file from topDir, if possible.
If directory is invalid, display a warning message.
If missile file loads successfully, update status.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " str etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.loadMissileFiles ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Checks for whether 'NotionalETEOutput###.xlsx' is present in topDir.
(The ### is a random number between 000 and 999, always three digits)
If present, loads the missile file into a dataframe, updates the
dataframe columns, and makes available for plotting only the
dataframe columns that have floating-point data

** Will definitely need to be updated upon porting

Returns
-------
str
    The absolute path to the missile file
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.modifyLimitsEntry ( self, tk\&.Event event, str  entry = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
Callback functions\&. 
.PP
.nf
Modifies the Min/Max options for each variable (X/Y/Z) when the
user clicks into or out of the field.

If the field has Min (or Max) already in there, remove the
text when the user enters the field.

If the field has a non-float entry when the user leaves the field,
restore Min (or Max) back to the field.

Parameters
----------
event : tk.Event
    Usually a focusIn or focusOut event which details whether
    the user has entered or left the field of interest
entry : str, optional
    A metadescriptor which describes the location of where
    the user is or came from. The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.pickPlotColor ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Takes the color chosen by the user from the colorwheel button
and renders the plot with that color.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.pickTitleColor ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Takes the color chosen by the user from the colorwheel button
and renders the title with that color.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " pd\&.DataFrame etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.plotDF ( self)"

.PP
Plotting functions\&. 
.PP
.nf
Generates a smaller dataframe for plotting from the massive
one stored in memory

Returns
-------
plotDF : pd.DataFrame
    A 2 or 3 column Pandas DataFrame containing the x, y, and
    sometimes z data for plotting
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setDimensions ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the dimensions for the plot based upon the columns
selected by the user. If the user does not select both the
x and y axis columns, then the dimensions are set to 0.
If the user selects both x and y but not z, the dimension is 2.
If the user selects x, y, and z, the dimension is 3

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setLegendOptions ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Enables or disables the combobox for legend locations based
on whether the box is checked

Returns
-------
None
    DESCRIPTION.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setPlotStyleOptions ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Checks whether the radio button for 'line' or 'scatter' is selected.
For the selected option, it makes the ComboBox (drop-down)
active and selectable by the user

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setRunOptions ( self,  event = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the run numbers specified for looking at runs.
Can enable/disable run number input based upon user selection.
Will also set default values for the run number if there is
an available set of run numbers to choose from

Parameters
----------
event : tk.Event, optional
    An event to be passed to turn this function into a handle.
    Not currently needed.
    The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setStatusBarOptions ( self,  event = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Updates the the elements displayed in the status bar.

Parameters
----------
event : tk.Event, optional
    An event that can drive the call. The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.setVals ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Checks whether user has selected X, Y, or Z columns from the
ComboBox (drop-down) and sets the x, y, and z vectors from
those choices.

If both X and Y are not selected, nothing happens.
If X and Y are selected but not Z, then a 2D plot will be rendered.
If X, Y, and Z are selected, a 3D plot will be rendered.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.showHidePlotColors ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Changes the ability to interact with the plotColor entry and button
elements based upon whether autoColor has been selected

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.showHideXLimits ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Determines whether or not to display the boxes for setting
the minimum and maximum limits for the X variable.
Checks the status of the tk.CheckBox in the GUI to determine
behavior

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.showHideYLimits ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Determines whether or not to display the boxes for setting
the minimum and maximum limits for the Y variable.
Checks the status of the tk.CheckBox in the GUI to determine
behavior

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.showHideZLimits ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Determines whether or not to display the boxes for setting
the minimum and maximum limits for the Z variable.
Checks the status of the tk.CheckBox in the GUI to determine
behavior

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.startPlot ( self,  event = \fCNone\fP,  item = \fCNone\fP,  mode = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Sets up all the variables and options necessary to generate
a plot in the viewer pane.

Parameters
----------
event : int or tkinter.Event, optional
    Often called as a 1 instead of tk.Event.
    If not None, indicates that the plot should update
    The default is None.
item : tkinter.Event, optional
    Only passed when using a trace.
    (tkinter Events are passed as triples.)
    The default is None.
mode : tkinter.Event, optional
    Only passed when using a trace.
    (tkinter Events are passed as triples.)
    The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 
.SS " None etesim_pp_gui\&.SimpleGUI\&.waitToPlot ( self,  event = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Creates a queue to wait for an event to finish. This allows users
to enter multiple keystrokes or perform other actions before the
GUI automatically updates.

A particular usage is in letting users enter a title without the
GUI trying to update the graph after after each letter.

Parameters
----------
event : tkinter.Event, optional
    The event being potentially held. The default is None.

Returns
-------
None
.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ETESim Plotting GUI from the source code\&.
